Hey everyone-it's an orphan here, isn't it this time?
It is there be Tokki store to be market-flops of Well Well Amazon
And let's opened purchaser it this time and the like of that tablet case I think Masuda
Let's go
eh
It is a direct car saying that this is how to grow
Yes Well is our I mean what what made it Makepure' immediately seller
Well, I like this feeling
It is said that there is no case
Yes Well it is here is an 8-like paste Tsukekata of I film this film is careful report
For sure, such as the dust properly
A little bit like you have to do it
Well, this is a protective film.
It is a good product
The face is like this
Besides, it is a card case and this is also a stand
In it mean made it in addition to the bonus pen
This is another perfect is a film with the past and I am grateful service
Play not a take it, such
This is a professional champion
Because there is no, it is a substitute for a little pen
eh
It's play
Hmm
Hate here is a pen
It is amazing
I have something in here but it's a ball
Wow you have that now can Tsuite is incredible ballpoint pen Moreover operation here
Let's solve this
It is cheap after the cos, but the price is 1009
It was about 1,590 yen or so
I have ice
There may be a problem for reliability
I feel like I'm getting in from other children
I will use this from now on
I would like to put a case instead and do various things with it
It is a movie release
With this case
We opened pens with 8 protective films
Then in in you such a thing